[Music]
you know it's all been for my protection
everything you've done i've tried
i know but you need to trust me now too
we will not allow this time of darkness
to extinguish the everlasting light we
have
in our lord jesus christ
[Music]
failed crops sickly children how much
graver must our circumstances become
were bedaved
by something unnatural out there we are
the faithful ones yet god smiles upon
you why is that
we should prepare for the worst
[Music]
we've all been under a tremendous amount
of stress medley
there's something wrong with him
pardon my intrusion
they couldn't do what i did please
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
bye